# Tiny Conflict 2D

Tiny Conflict 2D is a clone from the GameBoy Advance 2001 turn-based game "Advance Wars". I used it to learn the Godot engine.

## Table of Contents

- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Notes](#notes)

## How to play

1. Use the arrow keys to move the cursor and press the spacebar to select.
2. Move units once per turn.
3. Capture buildings with infantry units.
4. Buy units from factories, ports, or airports using resources.
5. Resources are generated by cities.
6. Win by capturing the opposing HQ.

## Roadmap

- [X] Terrain management
- [X] Scenes/sprites implementation
- [X] Unit creation
- [X] Unit movement and pathfinding
- [X] Turn management
- [ ] Unit combat
- [ ] Unit supplies system
- [X] Building capture
- [X] Money management
- [ ] More GUI (money, turns, terrain info, etc...)
- [ ] Unit transportation
- [ ] Local multiplayer
- [ ] AI opponent
- [ ] Online multiplayer 
- [ ] V2 - Better resources, animations, vision management, more maps, ranged units, etc...

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RMelisen/TinyConflict2D.git
```

### With Godot Engine
2. Open the project in Godot engine.
3. Run the project.

### With Visual Studio
2. Open the project in Visual Studio.
3. Go to debug properties.
4. Create a new executable launch profile.
5. Executable: Browse to the path of your Godot executable (the Mono version).
6. Command line arguments: Add "--path" and "--verbose" arguments.
7. Working directory: Set this to your Godot project's root directory

## Notes

This repo focus on game mechanics and bases with Godot development. Sprites and tiles animations will be implemented in the V2 Project.
